Open-Closed Principle

When you add a new functionality, you add it via extension, not via modification. 
OPC = open for extension, closed for modification.

The example with a filter option by size and color. You should separate each filter parameter (size, color, both etc) to a new method, instead of putting it all into one and constantly modifying it.


Notes:

`import enum ` This package provides a module for robust enumerations in Python.

`if ... yield`  

When you create a list, you can read its items one by one. Reading its items one by one is called iteration:

>>> mylist = [1, 2, 3]
>>> for i in mylist:
...    print(i)

mylist is an iterable. When you use a list comprehension, you create a list, and so an iterable:

>>> mylist = [x*x for x in range(3)]
>>> for i in mylist:
...    print(i)

Generators are iterators, a kind of iterable **you can only iterate over once**. Generators do not store all the values in memory, **they generate the values on the fly**:
It is just the same except you used `()` instead of `[]`. BUT, you cannot perform `for i in mygenerator` a second time since generators can only be used once: they calculate 0, then forget about it and calculate 1, and end calculating 4, one by one.
>>> mygenerator = (x*x for x in range(3))
>>> for i in mygenerator:
...    print(i)

`yield` is a keyword that is used like `return`, except the function will return a generator.

>>> def createGenerator():
...    mylist = range(3)
...    for i in mylist:
...        yield i*i
...
>>> mygenerator = createGenerator() # create a generator
>>> print(mygenerator) # mygenerator is an object!
<generator object createGenerator at 0xb7555c34>
>>> for i in mygenerator:
...     print(i)
0
1
4

_LINK:_ https://stackoverflow.com/questions/231767/what-does-the-yield-keyword-do
 
\ we have a function. we iterate through results of these function, not inside it as with a for loop and return 

`my_nums = def square_nums(nums):
    for i in nums: 
        yield (i*i)`

OR

`my_nums = (i*i for i in [1,2,3,4,5])`

`for num in my_nums:
    print num`




ENTERPRISE PATTERNS
SPECIFICATION
You always extend class' functionality not modify. **_Inherit from other classes._**
